=pod

=head1 NAME

B<sicat> -- Read data from one SiTCP-PSD module

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<sicat> [B<options>] B<ip_address>

=head1 DESCRIPTION

B<sicat> reads data from one SiTCP-PSD module or SiTCP-PSD module emulator.
If you want to save data, you have to redirect the output like:

  sicat 192.168.0.16 > data_file

By default, B<sicat> sends 4 length requests to PSD module.  You may use
B<-F> to request forever or B<-n> option to specify request count.

=head1 OPTIONS

B<sicat> has many options because its main purpose is to use as
debugging tool.

=over 8

=item B<-a> I<sec>

Exit after I<sec> seconds.  I<sec> may be fload number.

=item B<-e> I<event_num>

Specify event number of each length request.  Default is 4096.

=item B<-g>

Exit after reading all data and just before sending new length request
when receive SIGINT or SIGTERM.
If this option does not specified, exit immediately when receive
SIGINT or SIGTERM.

=item B<-h>

Display help message.

=item B<-o>

Print socket options and tcp_moderate_rcvbuf before run.

=item B<-r>

Print how many bytes each read() system call returns.

=item B<-s> I<sleep_time>

Sleep I<sleep_time> before sending the first request.
You may use fload number (for example B<-s 0.1>).  Default is 0.

=item B<-p> I<port>

Specify port number of the SiTCP-PSD module.  Default port is 23.

=item B<-q>

Does not display progress counter, but display summary as usual.

=item B<-t>

Prepend timestamp.

=item B<-v>

Display version number and exit.

=item B<-w> I<sleep_time>

Sleep I<sleep_time> micro seconds before each read() system calls.

=item B<-z>

Exit after 5 times zero event count.

=item B<-F>

Forever mode.  Ignore event number in B<-n> option.

=item B<-I> I<wait>

Read data forever and print result every I<wait> request times.
This flag set B<-t>, B<-q> and B<-F> implicitly.

=item B<-L>

Does not send FIN but RST when socket closes.

=item B<-N>

Does not output received data even if output is redirect to a file.

=item B<-Q>

Really quiet mode.  Does not display progress counter, summary.

=item B<-R> I<so_rcvbuf>

Specify SO_RCVBUF socket option.  Deafault is system default.

=item B<-S> I<sleep_time>

Sleep I<sleep_time> seconds before sending every request.
You may use float number (for example B<-S 0.1>).  Default is 0.

=item B<-T> I<timeout>

Specify timeout in seconds.  I<timeout> may be float number.

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Hiroshi SENDAI

=head1 BUG

Probably some.

=cut
